very good how are you my dear
Lovers of the heart I hope you are
having a wonderful day make yourself
comfortable because today I bring you a little video
of moteca that will not leave
anyone indifferent it is a video that cannot be
buried and I am going to ask you all to
please share with all
your desire and the other day
when I put a piece of this
program many people are commenting on it
on networks but I have to make some
corrections the other day the piece that I
put I rescued because I
found it on Twitter The truth is I said it
was from 2015 and that is what it said in
the tweet but now finding the
full program it turns out that it is from
2014 May 22, 2014 Crónica Rosa the
Federico Jiménez program los santos I
recommend it 100% you know that I
adore them recently I was visiting them
I was there on the set they were
showing me the studios and I put  this
piece of the program so you could see no
How curious how almost a decade ago there was
talk about this supposed relationship between
Jaime del Burgo with with Doña Leticia
well Well it turns out that this is 2014 and I
'm going to put another extract from the
original program in which maybe
between the lines the collaborators
tell us something else there is my dear
Isabel there is Federico is lasca there is
Beatriz cortaza I'm putting it
below simply to remind you
all please two things if you are
interested in this type of content on this
channel you will find out about all the gossip
Crónica Rosa Crónica social news from
the TV Just two things that are free
subscribe you have the button there to
subscribe and give me the like
which is the thumbs up Listen
carefully because here we are going to
realize something how
Telma and Leticia really get along did Telma know something there
was some anger between them let
's listen these are those pieces of information that are
discussed when there is publicity in
the media but that are now
starting to come out because there is talk of a
anger between or a distancing between
the princess and Jaime del
Burgo the princess now queen and Jaime
del Burgo a distancing I mean what
happened for them to have a bad feeling in
2014 they were best friends he was the
queen's trusted person he was someone who had
never betrayed her and suddenly
precisely around these dates which are
the dates that are being talked about well there was
something that made them distance themselves Without
putting into background and everything starts to be quite a bit
more this always ends up
confusing the baez arena in
recent history always ends up confusing the pez
arena there I don't know what
Federico wants to say but I think he is
sending out a message so that we catch it
between the lines eh Because when you want to
do a favor to the institution and the
institution doesn't know where it is going, then
what seemed like and what you were
convinced was a favor in the end
turns out to be a disfavor or something worse it has
always been put on the table that
the issue of this story coming to
light has to do with an attack on
the crown or on Leticia herself because
in the first instance it was said that it
was an attack by the people of  the
royal house that was against Leticia that they did
n't want Leticia there but
now to this day bringing this up is an
attack and a humiliation directly
for Felipe VI it is clear that I
always call this couple the strange
couple it is all very strange Jaime is
Leticia's close friend It is even said
that they had their
sentimental history there they already talk about that
relationship but prior to Felipe it says that he
knew supposedly before we talked
supposedly before okay we talked about before or
rather here in 2014 it was known that this Jaime
del Burgo was a previous boyfriend of
Felipe of Queen Leticia well At
that time princess Well when he
was with him Not princess or anything but of
course we are talking here in May
2014 that they are starting to find out in the
media and the rumor is spreading that there is a
distance between These good
friends before he puts him as a witness to his
wedding his shoulder to shed the
tears that he can no longer shed with his
cousin Teo from the wedding his shoulder to
cry on is his trusted man the
only one who has not betrayed him supposedly
trusted man the only one who has never
betrayed her thundered it was supposedly and  On top of that,
he fixes Telma's problem, which
is surely one of the things that most
overwhelms the princess. After the
family drama, exactly, I think that is
the moment when the guy shows that he
is from Fiat, he sends his letter to the world
saying, Here I am,
completely standing up for
Soy Sans's sister,
etc., the alpha male is back, this and
all of that was going great. But after just a
few months,
rumors started that this marriage wasn't
working. After just a few months, I mean,
Jaime del Burgo is like he had been
with Telma,
and I don't want to say it in a
derogatory way. Well, I would never say it in a
derogatory way, but I also don't want
anyone to feel offended by what I'm
going to say. Queen Letizia, well,
the three sisters actually
look very similar, right? I get the feeling
that Jaime del Burgo was
not really into Telman from the very
beginning. If the press already had rumors
that after a few months the marriage
was already bad. We're talking about the
press finding out after a few months, let's say they
lasted two days, okay, but if that
marriage, I think that  there hasn't been one
Federico I think that marriage has
never existed that's the question
So the Triangle how is it explained
Leticia Jaime Telma that nobody quite
understands everything is strange all that I
think I understand by apezarena I
always trust the work because it is
always supposed to be directed by a
good intention is that the relationship is that
of Leticia with del
Burgo Federico eh And this as Leticia
has the enmity of the King The
Fierce Enmity in the book that they just published
ind This is another book that they published around
that time someday we will comment on
some headlines also from the book Three Very
Clear Things it is always a book not the one
that puts on the table
the enmity of Leticia with eh Cristina
Urdangarín Elena the queen and the king is
total and has been getting worse precisely
because of the whole Urdangarín case and today it is a
farce the prince at a dinner they
tell it ind reeta in that book The
Untouchable is full of loose pearls
the prince says as Leticia says As
Leticia the first said  In fact, that thing
about high school is telling us we're
rich and what kind of lifestyle it was.
Well, in fact, the issue of the case
was not what was attributed to the
couple suffering a crisis. I think it can't
suffer. A marriage is not going to
suffer a crisis because of what
your brother-in-law has done. I rather believe that that was it. Well, it
could be a reason for
arguments and things, but let's say it was a
crisis, that with that
income, how were they going to buy a house worth
6 million euros, plus 3 million
in renovations? How do you know how do you know that in
no way is it saying and that Leticia is
the element of such and such, but of course the king
when he changes sides when he stops
supporting the prince and goes to the queen's
and such, and Cristina must be protected
when Corina also appears in the
middle of the case, etc. Well, that's when it
's after Leticia, and about Leticia, well, and the thing is that I
can't tell the things that they've
told me about Leticia and they've taught me, but
let's say I can tell the things that they've
taught me about Leticia, okay, that I've seen and they've
taught me about Leticia, that they've
told me and that they  They have taught, it turns out
that the press was already
taught things in 2014, not about Leticia, that
maybe they didn't put her in a good
place family What do you think of this bomb I
leave it in your hands You are going to
share this video You are going to subscribe You are
going to hit the like button I trust
you Okay See you in the next
video I send you a huge kiss and bye bye
Thank you very much for the support bye
family See you in the next video
and I'll tell you more If you liked the
video Hit the button and subscribe to
our
[Music] YouTube channel